Alla
congress in the zone with them Vary
review of the mouse spring in the yard May
what reality you yourself went to society
shoot there and generally need to take off
Alan's tablet review study on the six
Lay you need to remove the headphone overview
learn to play c. and then ha ha yes she
hit the wall before
need to remove the laptop review learn
play skyrim and confusing we do not care
exactly what not to pay attention except
like at the moment at 35 seconds
well, I guess I didn’t sit and
I spend all my free time playing games
but understand a good mouse or not I quite
capable of shorter in my hands raise where
north is one of the most appropriate
gaming mice but not at the
adequate price
one of the top razer mice
this is one and a half times cheaper than
clumsy mamba
or for example transformer Ouroboros
the price is the same as taipan or foot
expert in the region of 100 dollars but with
there are only two on it
extra buttons and not even buttons
switch dipay
and it's hard for me to find this explanation in
In our case, the mouse is stylized with a print.
in world of tanks
what fans of the game will appreciate for those whom
not drawing black color original
dcd
By the way there is also a rug in the subject to
did you have a complete set and
all of you for the look we are briefly about the rug though
separately and fail in my hands
there is a sleeping version which supposedly
better suited for dynamic games
but if you also work on
computer they just torment the video card
all sorts of played probably for you
Still, it would be better version of the rug
contour normal such kulichik even
It seems to be like that around the edges
although perhaps this is just such a design
generally raiser rugs they
durable enough so the money on
this rug will certainly not be spent
in vain
but fans of the game will appreciate the box and
even get a bonus in the form of a code for gold
In this your way to the mouse is also some
to operetta here it seems like they are not written
But here is seen in short on
some very rare tank code here under
nakleechka how to develop eat well and
Generally back to the mouse itself
maximum sensor resolution 6 407th
weight 105 grams cable length 2 meters
cover is kind of like soft touch either
something very similar to that in general is not
thunders and does not foam on the sides
rubberized inserts and glued
very reliable even if desired
here it is very difficult to tear their hands off
mouse is very comfortable by the way mouse
just for right handed so if for you
it is critical it is better to look at that
Pan teflon spoon legs of course if
you do what it says
robust set hard wheel
turns very nice it is massive and
embossed who's where that wrote that
awful backlash but it has I don't know what's there
terrible and nothing at all and your
sit plus in order and can be left
be to keep the scroll smooth
all right, okay
holder on the side two buttons that can
tune
or synapse 20 but appear through the sauce
additional features
and as I said earlier upstairs no
the dipiai toggle buttons so for
those who like to use this feature in
shooters when shooting a pharmacy mouse is not
either leave yourself al on
side buttons wheel on the logo on
mouse shine by the way until you connect
logo practical video in general
the mouse is great and unless of course
take into account the lack of a toggle button
myself and for that i will just leave
giant minus mouse very very
comfortable in shape to
I personally find here very comfortable things
special bends under the side fingers
inserts
very wear-resistant they create very
pleasant and comfortable feeling even
very long time working at the computer
and it seems to me that the price is a little night
manipulator is overpriced even if its
compare the same taypanov where the sensor
better and 2
where more extra buttons here
the question is probably the taste and comfort of each
the individual so that that
like exactly you write in
comments oh yes for an hour hello ramin
Colic or Kaliki beautiful inside
see coming to us a guest i do
and
pancakes spring but already started so well
what kind of
I also brought you friends to the USSR
you think gone mad no today i
did him a striptease and pain in exchange for
all-metal tablet
banned we unravel that Russian